Carry the Emperor´s will as your torch, with it destroy the shadows.

Blessed is the mind too small for doubt.

To admit defeat is to blaspheme against the Emperor.

Prayer cleanses the soul, but pain cleanses the body.

There is only the Emperor, and he is our shield and protector.

A small mind is easily filled with faith.

For those who seek perfection there can be no rest on this side of the grave.

The difference between heresy and treachery is ignorance.

Thought begets Heresy, Heresy begets Retribution.

Knowledge is power, guard it well.

A small mind is a tidy mind.

An open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded.

Better crippled in body than corrupt in mind.

If a job´s worth doing it´s worth dying for.

Innocence proves nothing.

Only the awkward question, only the foolish ask twice.

Pain is an illusion of the senses, despair an illusion of the mind.

Success is commemorated, Failure merely remembered.

The wise man learns from the deaths of others.

Zeal is it's own excuse.

Victory needs no explanation, defeat allows none.

Death is the servant of the righteous.

My armour is contempt.

Ignorance is a virtue.

A wise man does not fear, a man afraid does not think.

Even a man who has nothing can still offer his life.

Only in death does duty end.

Excuses are the refuge of the weak.

Faith is your shield.

All souls cry out for salvation.

Damnation is eternal.

Cease and Repent.

Curse now the death in vain.

No man died in His service that died in vain.

To withdraw in disgust is not apathy.

There is nothing to fear but failure.

A mind without purpose will wander in dark places.

Faith without deeds is worthless.

There is no such thing as innocence, only degrees of guilt.

Educate men without faith and you but make them clever devils.

Forgiveness is a sign of weakness.

Hard work conquers everything.

Perseverance and silence are the highest virtues.

Success is measured in blood, yours or your enemy´s.

Leniency is a sign of weakness.

Hatred is the Emperor´s greatest gift to humanity.

Magnanimity is a sign of weakness.

Thou shalt not.

The man who has nothing can still have faith.

Compassion is a sign of weakness.

Be strong in your ignorance.

Doubt is a sign of weakness.

A broad mind lacks focus.

Tolerance is a sign of weakness.

A narrow view sees better.

Despair is a sign of weakness.

The blood of martyrs is the seed of the Imperium.

Burn the heretic.

Kill the mutant.

Purge the unclean.

Examine your thoughts.

Serve the Emperor today, tomorrow you may be dead.

It is better to die for the Emperor than to live for yourself.

To question is to doubt.

The truly wise are always afraid.

Fear denies faith.

The Emperor knows, the Emperor is watching.

Life is a prison, death a release.

A suspicious mind is a healthy mind.